[docs] Link Toolpad from Core repo (#44111)
mui/material-ui: README.md

[Material UI](https://mui.com/material-ui/) is a comprehensive library of React components that features our independent implementation of Google's [Material Design](https://m2.material.io/design/introduction/) system.
It's trusted by some of the world's greatest product teams because it's been rigorously battle-tested through more than a decade of development by thousands of open-source contributors.

> Material UI's core functionality is extended by [MUI X](https://github.com/mui/mui-x), a suite of complex components for advanced use cases. [Toolpad](https://github.com/mui/toolpad) integrates various Material UI components and can be good starting point for building dashboards and internal tools.

Reviewer: How about something like this?

```suggestion
Material UI's core functionality is extended by [MUI X](https://github.com/mui/mui-x), a suite of complex components for advanced use cases. 
[Toolpad](https://github.com/mui/toolpad) builds on top of Material UI to provide full-stack components and a low-code internal tool builder.
```
